quit what it's time
five starts today
good luck to everyone that's going on
for it I'm ready
Oh
what's going on guys this mason here and
today I did a best-of of gwit um I hope
you understand this video the beginning
was not serious it's just a little bit
of a funny video I decided to make I was
not serious I love with I miss him a lot
and I just wanted to make a video
tribute to him because I miss him so
much
um I found some clips scattered around
YouTube and I'm gonna use the best clips
that I found I hope you guys enjoy this
I just got triple head shot II know this
guy has to be hacking there's no
absolute way that was a triple head shot
yes he lookin every time you get him off
can you teleport this is a modded lobby
see look at that
I literally just teleporting to not
don't I'm gonna cry I will literally cry
right here on camera that just what ah
dude I'm gonna headache what is this
people like that exist think about that
oh my god he's still their duties still
there they're just going insanely
massive today with the LMG target
finders what is this I don't know I
don't know what's going on Bonnie did he
sent out his own minions to do this to
me I'm gonna have an aneurysm the first
five minutes play how low that is oh my
god at that I feel like I could jump in
it oh don't tell me I got shrimp all Oh
was that a triple I'll take a nice
gander when I go over and edit this
video but honestly if I got triple twice
oh I just want to see scrap someone
through the screw let's just take a nice
little gander and what just happened in
this Co camp that's the definition of
Barrett's bro we got Rick Ross ate my
KFC man he came in hot with that H well
the worst feeling in this game is
getting new tube headshot like getting
new to this bad enough but just seeing
the headshot in the kill feed pisses me
off anytime I see someone for the us
from now on and they're giving us bad
connection I'm just assuming they're
playing on a Taco Bell parking lot
oh my god oh my what are you doing the
second hurdle I could had a five on I
could easily had a five on easily how
does he play like that like I said that
is the only thing I do not miss from
ground war is LMGs c4 is everything else
but even in other game types are being
used these kids are carrying around
portable restaurants of breakfast menu
items and they're just talking about
what is he doing they god this games
almost over I actually didn't do too bad
it's just some of these situations I'm
put in make me want to slay a horse poop
was he's slithering across the ground
like a slug Wow sweatiest Lobby have
ever been in holy smokes
no he's still yeah that's it I can't I
can't play end up three I'm sorry you
pulled that play I've got three deserve
to die dude Rayleigh shrimp 74 the man
just ruined my sixty the man carries it
on to the next game look at that head
glitch it's actually disturbing me I'm
actually going to have nightmares of a
man head glitching and killing me he's a
mogul stay there for four get our what
I can't believe that that has to be the
worst way I've ever been killed off of
attack oh look at him
oh my god I can actually feel the blood
running for my veins right now okay I
don't miss those things
I leave free for all to avoid the
pancakes in the breakfast serving and
then I come to tedium to find this it's
not even a point anymore to even try to
acknowledge it I mean look there's not a
point to even acknowledge this he's pre
firing corner oh boy oh my god well I
think it's just the way it sculpts in
that messes me off look at that look at
that oh I'm gonna choke myself to sleep
it's everywhere
cash kill yep he comes up with a Kimbo
Rangers because that's the only thing
you can get a kill with this kid is
psychopath
that's the audacity to camp in cockpit
noob - well there's an ac-130 you go
inside cuz I got a fine I can survive
look at - painkiller hair markers it's
everywhere it's everywhere I think it's
a disease it might be a disease guys
someone please look it up on urban
dictionary
yeah we're getting triple cat the mod oh
my god I just witnessed some food okay
I'm gonna fuse everywhere now it's like
a claymore epidemic this is Hogwarts
connection oh we got a moonwalk yeah
this guy's having a great time dog it in
place you know laying on Hogwarts
connection
oh he's having the time oh and I got
killed thank you I just voice crack his
clan tag is Gooch
everything is throwing me off at this
point can I please just hit a clip just
got killed by a stun by eight she was do
be everything that has gone wrong is
going wrong right now like a machine
there like a machine non-stop that so
one stunts to going stuns there spring
no sense of decency his name is l7 limbo
oh my god that is terrible that is one
of the worst game over there so bad well
I was 132 and I'll at least we ended the
video on a good note older
yeah
you